MEN-5223 Monitor: streamline logs and fixes (#1607)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 01.Get-started/05.Monitor/docs.md

The `mender-monitor` daemon will automatically reload the configuration files and start the checks.

## Monitor systemd services logs

You can trigger alerts when a given pattern shows in the logs of your `systemd` service. To this end you
need to create a check pointing to the `journalctl` command as a source for log data:

```bash
mender-monitorctl create log my_service_logs "Exited with code \d+" "@journalctl -u my-service -f" 255
```

The above will create a check:

```bash
# cat /etc/mender-monitor/monitor.d/available/log_my_service_logs.sh
```
> ```bash
> # This file was autogenerated by Monitoring Utilities based on the configuration
> SERVICE_NAME="my_service_logs"
> LOG_PATTERN="Exited with code \d+"
> LOG_FILE="@journalctl -u my-service -f"
> LOG_PATTERN_EXPIRATION=255
> ```

> Which will trigger a critical alert everytime _Exited with code n_ (where n is any decimal number) shows up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which will trigger a critical alert every time _Exited with code n_ (where n is any decimal number) shows up
```

Author: fixed.

> in the logs for `my-service` systemd service. In the above example there is going to be an automatical cancelation of the critical

Author: fixed.

condition (sending of an "OK" alert) after 255 consequtive seconds during which the pattern does not appear in the logs.
This is what the last and optional argument to `mender-monitorctl` stands for.

> 

Reviewer: At the end here I would add a reference for more information to go to `09.Add-ons/20.Monitor/20.Monitoring-subsystems/docs.md`

Author: added:
```md
For more information please refer
to the [Monitoring subsystems](../../09.Add-ons/20.Monitor/20.Monitoring-subsystems/docs.md) section.
```
